Finish ITxn opcode (#679)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

  - opcode `base64decode` ([##653](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/pull/653))

> - Added missing implementation for `itxn` and moved the common code from `itxn`, `itxna` and `itxnas` to a common function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Full support for inner transactions: `itxn`, `itxna` and `itxnas`
```
